Brother Yu has thought about it,
It will start soon,
You go out now,
It will be impossible to come in again later.
Home cannot be without a place for a day,
Former President of Haizhou Chamber of Commerce,
Die in exchange for life,
Today, I am plotting Zhao Ji’s position.
TV wants to elect a new president,
Take away our Haizhou business community,
With the King out of the window.
Chairman Cheng, the new president and Mr. Lin haven’t come yet.
Should I wait until they come back and try again?
Trust the president and the audience will be big
The second floor is closed early.
If Mr. Shen and Mr. Lin take a step back,
It can only be for trust, right?
who do you think you are
I only dare to block the recruitment of Chairman Zhou,
What I just told you
Why didn't you take it seriously?
I still want to have a drink with me again, Mr. Zhou
I just gave your son some elixirs.
According to this, find Mr. Zhou
Are you looking for the week number?
I know how he is